#labels Phase-Support
= FAQ =

==Which files should be _configed_ ?==
 * `/WEB-INF/web.xml`
 This is the java web container rule, we can not avoid this configuration for the servlet class and its url mapping. You may find the below text in the source code:
{{{
	<servlet>
		<description>
		</description>
		<display-name>JMapServlet</display-name>
		<servlet-name>JMapServlet</servlet-name>
   		<init-param>
			<param-name>CharacterEncoding</param-name> 
			<param-value>UTF-8</param-value> 
		</init-param>
		<init-param>
			<param-name>ContentType</param-name>
			<param-value>text/html; charset=UTF-8</param-value>
		</init-param>
		<servlet-class>com.lvup.webnav.jmap.servlet.JMapServlet</servlet-class>
	</servlet>
	<servlet-mapping>
		<servlet-name>JMapServlet</servlet-name>
		<url-pattern>/main/*</url-pattern>
	</servlet-mapping>
	<servlet-mapping>
		<servlet-name>JMapServlet</servlet-name>
		<url-pattern>/product/*</url-pattern>
	</servlet-mapping>
}}}
 You may notice that `init-param`, these encoding relative parameters have default values `UTF-8` if you don't want to change them.

 * `/WEB-INF/jmap-config.properties`
 This configuration file is optional and if you want a package prefix name for the controllers and beans class. This file just need only one line for the package prefix name:
 
 `jmap.controller.package = com.lvup.webnav.test.`

 You may notice the last character is `"."` and this dot is required, otherwise the controller and bean will be "com.lvup.webnav.testController".

 If you remove this file, all controller class package name will start with `controller.`, bean class package name will starts with `bean.`.

== Does your framework support Ajax? ==
 I think the Ajax is *_NOTHING_* to do with server side except `Comet`. Yes, this is a business tricky word after these yesrs. Before the Gmail ground to this world, there is many ajax things. So, if you insist that ajax is a part of server side thing, let's give a example.